# Send E-mail to User

> [!ALERT] You are currently viewing the second entry in a series of Quick Starts about Life Cycle Actions.
>
> To complete this quick start, you must have the following:
> * a lab profile created in One Learn Lab on Demand platform (LOD);
> 
> If you have not yet created a lab profile, If you have not created a lab profile, have a look at our [documentation for creating a lab profile](URL).

Estimated time to completion: **xx minutes**.

1. **Navigate** back to your lab profile.

1. Click **edit profile** in the upper-right corner.

1. Click the **Life Cycle** tab.

    !IMAGE[](\docs\lod\images\life-cycle-tab.png)

1. Click **Add Life Cycle Action**.

    !IMAGE[](\docs\lod\images\add-life-cycle-action.png)

1. From the **Action** drop-down menu, select **Send E-mail to User**.

    !IMAGE[](\docs\lod\image\send-notification-to-user.png)

    >[!KNOWLEDGE] The e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address associated with the user's account in Lab on Demand. If they do not have an e-mail address associated, they will not receive the email. We will set a notification later in this Quick Start to notify the user of the information that would have been in the email. 

1. From the **Event** drop-down menu, select **Tearing Down**.

    !IMAGE[](\docs\lod\images\built.png)

1. In the **Subject** field, enter +++Additional Learning Material+++

1. Leave the **Delay** at 0. 

    >[!KNOWLEDGE] The **Delay** field is **optional**, and is used to introduce a delay between the moment the life cycle event occurs and the action is executed. 

1. Select **Notify User** on the **Error Action** drop-down menu. 

1. In the **Error Notification field**, enter: +++We attempted to e-mail you additional learning material, but unfortunately you do not have an e-mail address associated with your LOD account. Please see your instructor to obtain additional learning material. +++.

    >[!KNOWLEDGE] If no text is entered in this field, the notification will contain the raw error messaage generated by the system. 

1. Check the **enabled** box, to enable the Life Cycle Action. 

1. This is where you will enter the text that will be in the body of the e-mail sent to users. For this quick start you can enter:

~~~Markdown
Thank you for taking the Introduction to Azure Functions course. We hope this helped you understand when you might want to use Azure Functions, and how you can get started using them.+++

To learn more about other server-less capabilities of the Azure platform, visit https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/serverless-computing/. 

To continue your learning experience, you might want to have a look at the Introduction to Azure Logic Apps course next
~~~

1. Click **OK**, and then click **Save**. 

When lab users end their lab, Lab on Demand will begin tearing down the lab. Once this process begins, and e-mail will be sent to that user, with the information configured above. If a user does not have an e-mail address associated with their account, they will see the error notification you configured above.

Now you have learned how to use Life Cycle Actions to send a notification, as well as an email. Click the link below to learn how to execute a subscription command, on the cloud subscription for your lab. 

[Execute Subscription Command](/lod/quick-starts/life-cycle-actions/subscription-command.md)
